# Note Taker

For users that need to keep track of a lot of information, it's easy to forget or be unable to recall something important. Being able to take persistent notes allows users to have written information available when needed.

## Description

This application can be used to write, save, and delete notes. This application uses an express backend and saves and retrieves note data from a JSON file.

## User Story

AS A user, I want to be able to write and save notes

I WANT to be able to delete notes I've written before

SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Contribute

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing. These are just guidelines, not rules, so use your best judgement and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

Issue: Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under issues. If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the bug, open a new issue.
Write detailed information:
For example:

How to reproduce the issue, step-by-step.
The expected behavior (or what is wrong).
Screenshots for GUI issues.
The application version.
The operating system.

Pull Requests: Pull Requests are always welcome.

When you edit the code, please run npm run test to check the formatting of your code before you git commit.
Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. It should include:
The operating system on which you tested.
The relevant issue number, if applicable.

<br />
Find me on GitHub: [aguado-romina](https://github.com/aguado-romina)<br />
<br />
Email me with any questions: aguado.romi@gmail.com<br /><br />
This README was generated by [README-generator](https://https://github.com/aguado-romina/professionalREADMEgenerator)
